Stormshield: update the procedure to forward Stormshield SNS events (#1889)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/network/stormshield_network_security.md

## Configure

> This section will guide you to forward Stormshield SES logs to SEKOIA.IO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will guide you to forward Stormshield SNS logs to Sekoia.
```
